that one easy way that I've used to identify strengths and weaknesses
of individuals on my team is I just straight asked them when we do counseling
sessions one on one. And it's not like punitive counseling.
This is just more sitting down and understanding where they're at
with things and wanting to get somewhere and trying to build their personal
and professional development. All asked him those hard questions.
Give me three strengths. Usually those are pretty easy for someone
to answer. But then when you ask him, okay, now give me three of
your weakness is a lot of times. That's a challenge for people on
def. They can't give me three at that time, and they could only give
me one. Then I say, Okay, that's all right. Get back to me when you
have the other two. Whether that's later that day, later that week,
you know what have you Because that really makes them kind of look
inside and get a little more insightful on themselves. And then once
you've identified those strengths and weaknesses, then you as the leader,
can help, you know, build up those weaknesses into strengths
and the strength that they have continued to improve those and not lose
them as strengths.